Grids: add note about filter panel (#5834)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/1 Configuration/syncLookupFilterValues.md

    </tr>
</table>

[note]

> - If `filtering` is enabled in [remoteOperations](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/remoteOperations/') and this property is set to `true` (default value), the component uses the `group` parameter to fetch values. As a result, lookup columns can lose pagination (the DataSource.[paginate](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/DataSource/1%20Configuration/paginate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#paginate') property has no effect). To solve the issue, disable this property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `filtering` is enabled in [remoteOperations](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/remoteOperations/') and this property is set to `true` (default), the component uses the `group` parameter to fetch values. As a result, lookup columns can lose pagination (the DataSource.[paginate](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/DataSource/1%20Configuration/paginate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#paginate') property has no effect). To resolve this issue, disable this property.
```

> - If [filter panel]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/filterPanel/) is visible and at least one column includes **headerFilter**.[dataSource]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/#dataSource) or **lookup**.[dataSource]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/lookup/#dataSource), disable this property. Otherwise, the filter panel may not display data correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the [filter panel]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/filterPanel/) is visible and at least one column includes **headerFilter**.[dataSource]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/#dataSource) or **lookup**.[dataSource]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/lookup/#dataSource), disable this property. Otherwise, the filter panel may not display data correctly.
```
